

Technical Competency:
Apply methods, theories, techniques, and skills learned in Computer Science
Ph.D. corsework and research at UMD to projects of interest to ARL and the
ARMY.

In this past year I took and passed 2 graduate courses, 1 in Scientific Computing and 1 in Database Management Systems.
The course in Scientific Computing covered the fundamental theory of optimization, which is  relevant to the computational solutions of many if not most problems in NLP and virtually all problems in Deep Learning.
Our branch has several of its own speech and text corpora that have not yet been curated. The DBMS course I took will help our branch utilize and share our data for the benefit of the Army.


As part of a research team at UMD, I developed software that uses deep learning techniques to predict 
language behaviors of a simultaneous translator. 

Develop machine translation software using the theories and methods emerging
from the field of Deep Learning.


I became familiar with several toolkits for developing neural networks including google's open source Tensorflow, theano and keras. I used recurrent neural networks with long short term memory and gated recurrent units to perform Machine Translation. 

Use python programming skills to develop software in ARL projects.

Both the Tensorflow and Theano toolkits are implemented in python. I used my python programming skills to apply the tools in those toolkits to develop the MT systems I worked with.

Support the team project to implement an Automatic Speech Recognition system
adapted to  speech as spoken in African countries. 


I made good progress on this objective. 
I dedicated a lot of hard work to preparing our inhouse speech corpora  for processing by ASR system development tools. 

I can now build subspace gaussian mixture model based ASR systems with the kaldi toolkit. 
The recipes I have developed to prepare and process the African accented speech can be applied to our other holdings.

Cooperation:

Serve as a bridge between the multilingual computing branch and the academic
community
at UMD. 

Communication:

Publish a journal paper as first author on research on simultaneous
translation.


Customer Relations:

Respond to requests from team customers for advice and technical support on
issues concerning machine translation and machine learning.

Technology Transition:

Transition simultaneous translation code developed for research into branch
projects.


Diversity:
Support ARL's diversity initiatives by participating in locally sponsored
training, outreach and/or special emphasis programs to increase personal
awareness and understanding of the various cultures that exist among
laboratory employees.


SHARP:
Support leadership's efforts to address and prevent sexual harassment and
sexual assault and ensure a respectful work environment for all.
Demonstrate support for the SHARP program by actively participating in
required training and other educational programs.  Intervene and
appropriately respond to any instances of sexual harassment or sexual
assault; encourage others to do the same.

