
* Goals for Tuesday set Monday:
- TODO Write accomplishments
- TODO Try to continue dnn training where we left off.

I started the mkgraph script yesterday evening. It is still running this morning. Top says it's running at 99% of a cpu.
Is something wrong?

- TODO Start over with Steve's new lm.
- TODO Write scripts to use the answers as semi supervision.

- Semi-supervision
I created a new directory data/train_semi_supervision
I concatenate and sort the 3 files spk2utt, utt2spk and wav.scp under the data/train directory with the same files under data/answers and write them to data/train_supervision.
I concatenate and sort the data/train/text file and the decoder output from the sgmm model run on the answers data and write this file to data/train_semi_supervision/text.

Then I run the plp pitch extractor script on the train_semi_suprevision directory.
I trained monophones using the data from the data/train_semi_supervision directory.
I'm going to try to decode the test set with this new mono_semi_supervision model set.
I'm going to use the same lm. 
I'll start using Steve's new lm soon.
I'm making the decoding graph (fst).
If the monophones don't do well, I don't think I'll continue with the supervision idea.
I decoded the test set with the new semi-supervised monophones.
WER: 59.39 versus 62.10 previously with only full supervision.
I think this means it's worth continuing down this road.
Aligning with semi-supervised monophones.
Naming the directories so that I don't hoze previous runs is getting harder.
I trained and formated the new lm.
Unfortunately, I overwrote the old lm and its fst.
I tried to avoid this, but I failed.
This is going to screw up my results if I don't go back to the old lm.
I'm not sure what to do at this point.
If I get better results, I might just go forward and redo all the steps with the new lm.
If the results are words, then I've got a problem.
I'll have to go back.

I've spent a couple of hours this afternoon writing the scripts to do the semi supervised build from monophones to sgmms.
This was mostly copying the supervised scripts and adding some words to directory names.
The mkgraph scripts take forever.

top reports numbers like 0.461t for virt and res and 82% for mem for the process that is making the fst graph for the dnn.
I am finished writing scripts to build the semi supervised sgmms.
I've written scripts to run decoding at each step.

I'd like to start the next step, but the scripts to run the graph making are still chugging away.

* Goals for Wednesday:
- TODO Write more on accomplishments.
- TODO Run steps to build models from the Answers semi supervision .
- TODO Investigate question: Is the new LM being used?
- TODO If unigram fst making continues, consider building a different kind of dnn (nnet2, nnet3, chain models).



