* Goals for Wednesday set Tuesday:
- TODO Write more on accomplishments.
- TODO Run steps to build models from the Answers semi supervision .

The fst build for tri1 semi supervised had finished. I fired up decoding.
Tri1 semi supervised WER: 43.18
The previous fully supervised WER was 45.33. So we're still doing better.
I've moved on to training tri2 semi supervised models, which are the same as tri1 only that they use the tri1 alignments.

- TODO Investigate question: Is the new LM being used?
- TODO If unigram fst making continues, consider building a different kind
of dnn (nnet2, nnet3, chain models)

It stopped, but I don't think it finished successfully. Maybe it ran out of memory?

- Answers:
I am using the transcriptions from the best sgmm model system output as labels for training. I could also use them to get a better estimate of the WER after decoding.
I guess I don't want to do this because I don't want to overwrite the files I have there now that are working.
I've spent the day running the scripts to build the models 
. As I'm getting ready to leave the script that trains the first sgmm model is running.

This script takes a while.
I'll wait until tomorrow to run the script for the next step.
I've been running the scripts that make the decoding fst for the different models.

Here are the results I got today for the semi supervised yaounde + gp system:
model & WER
mono & 59.39
tri 1 & 43.18
tri2 & 39.05
tri3 & 43.78
tri4 & 41.49
tri5 & 32.62
tri5 ci & 49.67


The tri5 score of 32.62 is the best score I've gotten so far for 
triphone models without using sgmm or dnn techniques, so I'm still hopeful that I'll beat previous bests as I move to sgmms tomorrow.
however, the tri5 ci score of 49.67 is worrisome. It is quite a bit worse than its score of 44.02 for a previous run.
Why did this score come out so bad?
I'm also a little disappointed with the score I get for the answers  when I use the automatic transcripts as the reference.
tri3 & 88.64

I can't remember at which model I started using the automatic transcripts as refernces, but I'm pretty sure I did it for tri3.
I would have guessed this WER would be lower. I'm kind of testing on the training data. In fact, this is really disappointing.

- Dari
I got excited about working with Hazrat on automatically transcribing the data from the Afghan Military Academy. However, this data was already transcribed by transtac, so I'm standing down on that project.

** Goals for Thursday:
- TODO Write more accomplishments.
- TODO Run scripts to build semi supervised sgmm models.
