1. TECHNICAL Objectives (Weight 30)
A. Acoustic Models for Low Resource Languages
Adapt the Kaldi multilang recipe to build acoustic models for  a target low resource language  given resources from many other source languages. 

Specific Rating tasks:
Modify the Kaldi multilang recipe    from its original keyword spotting task to the Speech to Speech (S2S) task.
Build 18 ASR systems from source language resources in the GlobalPhone corpus and government owned corpora (see corpus curation task below).
Setup experiment to evaluate effectiveness of the multilang approach. 

B. Corpus Curation
Curate four government owned speech corpora.

Specific Rating Tasks:
Prepare Arabic, French, German and Russian speech data  for   use in the multilang project listed above.
Write Kaldi recipes for each language corpus.
Submit recipes for publication in Kaldi repository.
Publish data, lexicons and recipes in ARL NSRL repository.

C. Speech to Speech Technology
Investigate S2S hardware restrictions and software solutions with the goal of contributing optimized components. 

Specific Rating Tasks:
Study methods for performing online or real time ASR processing and produce ASR components that are optimized to work with these methods. 
Study methods for integrating ASR and MT components in S2S applications and tailor our products to conform to these methods.
Study methods for making S2S ASR highly responsive and accurate and use results of investigations to guide our choices of models and algorithms. 



(2) COOPERATION (Weight 10)

A. Cooperate with colleagues.

Specific Rating Tasks:
Collaborate with Steve LaRocca in first quarter  to write papers that report on advances made in our projects. 
Collaborate with the Basic Research team and CERDEC by contributing speech recognition components to Human Robot communication efforts. 

(3) COMMUNICATIONS  (Weight 30)

A. Publish papers and reports

Specific Rating Tasks:
Write a TR with Steve LaRocca in the first quarter documenting projects. 
Write journal paper with Steve LaRocca that reports on multilang project results.

B. Activity Reports
Write weekly reports to help guide research and to recored progress .

C. Establish Professional Communication Channels with Scientists contributing to Kaldi project.

Specific Rating Tasks:
Contribute algorithm to Kaldi

(4) MGMT. OF TIME & RESOURCES (Weight 15)

A. Curate and archive our own valuable  speech and text corpora on our branch storage disks. 


Specific Rating Tasks:
Format the data so that the corpora that can be made publically available are ready to be transfered. 
Organize the data so that it is easy to access from recipes running on connected branch machines.
Stay abreast of possible areas where hardware upgrades could improve work efficiency. 

(5) CUSTOMER RELATIONS (Weight 15)

Establish relationships with MFLTS and CERDEC to remain aware of Army requirements.
Establish contacts with researchers in the ASR and NLP fields. 
Establish contacts with s2s application developers.

(6) TECH TRANSITION (Weight 10)

Contribute recipes for building ASR systems with our corpora to the MFLTS. 
Transition ASR components and our other products to USA Army Africa and MFLTS.  

(7) DIVERSITY: 
Support ARL's diversity initiatives by participating in locally-sponsored diversity training, broad outreach, and/or special emphasis programs to increase personal awareness and understanding of the various cultures that exist among laboratory employees. 

(8) SHARP: 
Support leadership's efforts to address and prevent sexual harassment and sexual assault and ensure a respectful work environment for all. 
Demonstrate support for the SHARP program by actively participating in required training and other educational programs. 
Intervene and appropriately respond to any instances of sexual harassment or sexual assault and encourage others to do the same.
